.TH BT-JOY-CLIENT.YAML 5 "2026-05-18" "bt-joy 0.0.6" "File Formats"
.SH NAME
bt-joy-client.yaml \- configuration file for the bt-joy client
.SH DESCRIPTION
The bt-joy client configuration file is YAML. It defines the joystick device,
polling rate, UDP target, keepalive settings, and channel mapping.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
device: /dev/input/js0
# expected_name: "Xbox Wireless Controller"
mapping: mapping.yaml
poll_hz: 50
keepalive_interval: 1.0
keepalive_timeout: 1.0
joystick_reconnect_interval: 1.0
keepalive_rtt_warning:
  enabled: true
  threshold_ms: 100.0
  window_s: 10.0
  count: 3
  cooldown_s: 10.0
axes: 7
buttons: 16

udp:
  host: 127.0.0.1
  port: 9000
.fi
.SH KEYS
.TP
.B device
Linux joystick device path.
.TP
.B expected_name
Optional exact joystick name. When set, bt-joy exits if the connected device
name does not match.
.TP
.B mapping
Path to the joystick channel mapping YAML. Relative paths are resolved relative
to the client configuration file. The command line
.B \-\-mapping
option overrides this value.
.TP
.B poll_hz
Joystick polling frequency.
.TP
.B keepalive_interval
Seconds between UDP keepalive requests. Use 0 to disable.
.TP
.B keepalive_timeout
Seconds to wait before logging a missing keepalive response.
.TP
.B joystick_reconnect_interval
Seconds to wait before retrying a missing or disconnected joystick.
.TP
.B keepalive_rtt_warning.enabled
Enable warning logs for repeated high keepalive round-trip times.
.TP
.B keepalive_rtt_warning.threshold_ms
Round-trip time threshold, in milliseconds.
.TP
.B keepalive_rtt_warning.window_s
Time window used to count high round-trip samples.
.TP
.B keepalive_rtt_warning.count
Number of high round-trip samples inside the window before warning.
.TP
.B keepalive_rtt_warning.cooldown_s
Minimum seconds between repeated high round-trip warning logs.
.TP
.B axes, buttons
Expected joystick axis and button counts.
.TP
.B udp.host, udp.port
UDP destination for the bt-joy server.
.TP
.B channels
Legacy inline list of axis, button, or constant channel mappings. Prefer a
separate mapping file referenced by
.B mapping .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bt-joy (1),
.BR bt-joy-client.service (8)
