.TH BT-JOY-SERVER.YAML 5 "2026-05-18" "bt-joy 0.0.6" "File Formats"
.SH NAME
bt-joy-server.yaml \- configuration file for the bt-joy MSP server
.SH DESCRIPTION
The bt-joy MSP server configuration file is YAML. It defines the UDP listener,
MSP transport, status polling, and logging options used by the systemd service.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
listen_host: 0.0.0.0
listen_port: 9000

output: serial
serial_device: /dev/ttyAMA0
baudrate: 115200
rc_rate_hz: 50.0
failsafe_channels: [1500, 1500, 1000, 1500, 1000, 1000, 1000, 1000]

tcp_host: 127.0.0.1
tcp_port: 5761

status_interval: 1.0
status_timeout: 1.0
rc_read_interval: 0.1
rc_read_timeout: 0.05
altitude_interval: 0.2
altitude_timeout: 0.05
startup_probe_attempts: 3
startup_probe_interval: 1.0
udp_timeout: 0.05
failsafe_joystick_timeout: 1.0
takeoff_automation:
  enabled: false
  require_manual_arm: false
  trigger_channel: aux4
  arm_channel: aux1
  trigger_on: 1800
  arm_on: 2000
  target_altitude_m: 5.0
  target_tolerance_m: 0.2
  throttle_base: 1300
  throttle_min: 1000
  throttle_max: 1800
  pid_kp: 80.0
  pid_ki: 10.0
  pid_kd: 40.0
  pid_integral_limit: 10.0
log_level: INFO
.fi
.SH KEYS
.TP
.B listen_host, listen_port
UDP address used to receive joystick and keepalive packets.
.TP
.B output
MSP transport. Valid values are tcp and serial.
.TP
.B tcp_host, tcp_port
MSP TCP destination when output is tcp.
.TP
.B serial_device, baudrate
MSP serial destination when output is serial.
.TP
.B rc_rate_hz
Rate used by the MSP command dispatcher to repeat the latest RC channel
command.
.TP
.B failsafe_channels
Eight RC channel values sent repeatedly when joystick data enters failsafe.
.TP
.B status_interval
Seconds between MSP_STATUS_EX reads. Use 0 to disable periodic reads.
.TP
.B status_timeout
Timeout for MSP startup and status reads.
.TP
.B rc_read_interval
Seconds between MSP_RC reads. Use 0 to disable periodic RC reads.
.TP
.B rc_read_timeout
Timeout for each MSP_RC read.
.TP
.B altitude_interval
Seconds between MSP_ALTITUDE reads. Use 0 to disable periodic altitude reads.
.TP
.B altitude_timeout
Timeout for each MSP_ALTITUDE read.
.TP
.B startup_probe_attempts
Number of attempts for required startup MSP version reads before exiting.
.TP
.B startup_probe_interval
Seconds to wait between required startup MSP version read attempts.
.TP
.B udp_timeout
UDP receive timeout.
.TP
.B failsafe_joystick_timeout
Seconds without valid joystick channel data before entering failsafe mode. Use
0 to disable the joystick data monitor.
.TP
.B takeoff_automation
Optional AUX-triggered automation. When enabled, trigger_channel starts the
process, arm_channel is forced to arm_on, and throttle is computed by a PID
loop from the latest MSP_ALTITUDE state until the trigger is released. Manual
throttle still passes through when it is higher than the PID output. Set
require_manual_arm to true to require the user to arm before automation starts.
.TP
.B log_level
Log verbosity.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR joy-server (1),
.BR bt-joy-server.service (8)
