.TH JOY-SERVER 1 "2026-05-18" "bt-joy 0.0.6" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
joy-server \- receive bt-joy UDP packets and forward RC channels to MSP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B joy-server
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B joy-server
receives joystick UDP packets from bt-joy and forwards RC channels to
Betaflight using MSP over TCP or serial.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-config FILE
Load server configuration from FILE. The packaged service uses
.IR /etc/bt-joy/server.yaml .
.TP
.B \-\-listen-host HOST
Override UDP listen host.
.TP
.B \-\-listen-port PORT
Override UDP listen port.
.TP
.B \-\-output tcp|serial
Override MSP output transport.
.TP
.B \-\-tcp-host HOST
Override MSP TCP host.
.TP
.B \-\-tcp-port PORT
Override MSP TCP port.
.TP
.B \-\-serial-device PATH
Override MSP serial device.
.TP
.B \-\-baudrate BAUD
Override MSP serial baudrate.
.TP
.B \-\-rc-rate-hz HZ
Override MSP_SET_RAW_RC repeat rate used by the MSP command dispatcher.
.TP
.B \-\-status-interval SECONDS
Override seconds between MSP_STATUS_EX reads. Use 0 to disable periodic reads.
.TP
.B \-\-status-timeout SECONDS
Override MSP_STATUS_EX read timeout.
.TP
.B \-\-rc-read-interval SECONDS
Override seconds between MSP_RC reads. Use 0 to disable periodic RC reads.
.TP
.B \-\-rc-read-timeout SECONDS
Override MSP_RC read timeout.
.TP
.B \-\-altitude-interval SECONDS
Override seconds between MSP_ALTITUDE reads. Use 0 to disable periodic
altitude reads.
.TP
.B \-\-altitude-timeout SECONDS
Override MSP_ALTITUDE read timeout.
.TP
.B \-\-udp-timeout SECONDS
Override UDP receive timeout.
.TP
.B \-\-failsafe-joystick-timeout SECONDS
Override seconds without joystick channel data before failsafe. Use 0 to
disable the joystick data monitor.
.TP
.B \-\-log-level LEVEL
Set log verbosity.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/bt-joy/server.yaml
Default service configuration.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bt-joy-server.yaml (5),
.BR bt-joy-server.service (8),
.BR bt-joy (1)
